{% include "../_nav.md" %}

<cite id="q-top"></cite>
# Fintech Box Questions

These questions are more relevant to the [Fintech Box](http://startupstudio.co.in/startupbox) programme.

1. [We're part of the Fintech Box program. Do we also get to be part of the GTU program?](#q2-1)
2. [I'm part of the Fintech Box program. Is it compulsory for us to attend the GTU program and pay the semester fees of Rs 75,000?](#q2-2)
3. [How can Startup Village help us in raising investment? The present problem we face are lack of a server and development tools.](#q2-3)
4. [We're part of the Fintech Box programme. We would like to know the terms and conditions of the product that we will be developing ie; the ownership of the product once launched, as well as how Federal Bank will be associated with the product. Also will we be receiving technical assistance from the bank?](#q2-4)
5. [Since we are joining through the Fintech Box program, what all changes will be there in our startup life cycle stages?](#q2-5)
6. [Are we now part of SV.CO? If yes, do you expect us to graduate within 6 months? Do we have to pay the semester fees mentioned?](#q2-6)
7. [Can our team use the Startup Facility for the purpose of building our product? If so, then are there any formalities which we should be worried about? When can we start using FabLab?](#q2-7)
8. [Is it necessary that the product has to be related to Federal Bank?](#q2-8)
9. [What happens if we break the device or lose it? Do we have to buy you guys a new one?](#q2-9)
10. [After the six months duration of the program, will our team receive any support from SV? after the course?](#q2-10)
11. [Is the Legal Agreements given in the Playbook also meant for us or is it meant only for students of GTU only?](#q2-11)
12. [What is the Validity Period of the legal agreements?](#q2-12)
13. [What if we were hired outside of Startup Village?](#q2-13)
14. [Do we have a free exit after 6 months?](#q2-14)

<cite id="q2-1"></cite>
1. We're part of the Fintech Box program. Do we also get to be part of the GTU program?

   Yes! Everybody who is part of SV.CO is also part of the GTU program. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-2"></cite>
2. I'm part of the Fintech Box program. Is it compulsory for us to attend the GTU program and pay the semester fees of Rs 75,000?

   It is compulsory to be part of the GTU programme. However, it’s automatic and no additional work has to be done. Your verified timeline will automatically be part of the GTU transcript at the end of the programme. However, because the Box programme is 6 months, you might not achieve any of the results required for a GTU specialization or certificate. That is fine! You can continue the programme at SV.CO even after you have returned the Fintech Boxes.

   For the Box campaign we are offering scholarships that will cover the Rs. 75,000 fee. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-3"></cite>
3. How can Startup Village help us in raising investment? The present problem we face are lack of a server and development tools.

   There is  a seed fund available with limited funds. In addition, Startup Village also has access to AWS credits for server hosting. Please write to help@sv.co once you have [signed agreements](2-legal-agreement.md). [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-4"></cite>
4. We're part of the Fintech Box programme. We would like to know the terms and conditions of the product that we will be developing ie; the ownership of the product once launched, as well as how Federal Bank will be associated with the product. Also will we be receiving technical assistance from the bank?

   Yes, you will be receiving assistance from the bank and will have interactions with their team. Federal Bank is a great partner as they are open to new products and have set up a cross-division team to simplify approvals.

   All product intellectual-property will be owned by your startup. Federal Bank usually asks for a limited period of exclusivity and first-right of refusal for investing into your startup. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-5"></cite>
5. Since we are joining through the Fintech Box program, what all changes will be there in our startup life cycle stages?

   You will go through the [stages as described in the Playbook](5-startup-stages.md). [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-6"></cite>
6. Are we now part of SV.CO? If yes, do you expect us to graduate within 6 months? Do we have to pay the semester fees mentioned?

   See Q1 and Q2 too. You are not expected to graduate within 6 months. The Fintech Box programme will be over at the end of 6 months, and you will have to return the boxes. You can continue being part of SV.CO. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-7"></cite>
7. Can our team use the Startup Facility for the purpose of building our product? If so, then are there any formalities which we should be worried about? When can we start using FabLab?

   You can use the Startup Village facilities, including space and the Fab Lab. However, space available is limited and on a first-come first-serve basis. Please write to help@sv.co to get access to the FabLab. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-8"></cite>
8. Is it necessary that the product has to be related to Federal Bank?

   No. It has to be in the Fintech domain because then Startup Village and its host institute MobME Wireless can help you. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-9"></cite>
9. What happens if we break the device or lose it? Do we have to buy you guys a new one?

    The contents in the box are quite valuable & distributed by Kerala Startup Mission so please don’t break or lose it. If you do, yes, you’ll have to pay an equivalent amount. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-10"></cite>
10. After the six months duration of the program, will our team receive any support from SV? after the course?

    You will become a regular incubatee of SV.CO & will receive all of the benefits of that programme. Aside from the fact that you will have to return the boxes, nothing much changes. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-11"></cite>
11. Is the Legal Agreements given in the Playbook also meant for us or is it meant only for students of GTU only?

    The [legal agreements](2-legal-agreement.md) are meant for everybody who is part of SV.CO. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-12"></cite>
12. What is the Validity Period of the legal agreements? 
    
    The validity period is 5 years. See "Term and Termination" in [legal agreements](2-legal-agreement.md). [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-13"></cite>
13. What if we were hired outside of Startup Village?

    Then you don’t have to pay SV.CO anything. If we help you get a great job, you pay us. Our fee is success-based. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q2-14"></cite>
14. Do we have a free exit after 6 months?

    The validity period of the [legal agreements](2-legal-agreement.md) that you sign is 5 years. You can exit after 6 months if you decide to shut down your venture. Or you can pivot to new ideas and continue being part of SV.CO after returning the boxes. All other benefits remain the same and we will keep supporting you. [↵](#q-top)

