{% include "../_nav.md" %}

<cite id="q-top"></cite>

# Student Entrepreneurship Policy Questions
1. [I'm a student outside Kerala, can I avail these benefits?](#q3-1)
2. [How long will I have to wait to receive the benefits?](#q3-2)
3. [How are the grace marks distributed?](#q3-3)
4. [The Internal component of my grade has marks reserved for attendance. Will the SEP grace marks apply to that?](#q3-4)
5. [If I have back-papers am I eligible for this benefit?](#q3-5)
6. [Will this benefit apply to supplementary or improvement papers?](#q3-6)

<cite id="q3-1"></cite>
1. I'm a student outside Kerala, can I avail these benefits?
   
   No. Only students in Kerala are currently eligible. We have a detailed guide to the [Kerala SEP program](../perks/8.3-kerala-sep.md). [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q3-2"></cite>
2. How long will I have to wait to receive the benefits?

   It depends on your University. We've noticed that it takes a minimum of 2 months to complete the process. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q3-3"></cite>   
3. How are the grace marks distributed?

   This is up to the University, but we've noticed that they tend to distribute marks equally amongst the Theory component of your grade. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q3-4"></cite>   
4. The Internal component of my grade has marks reserved for attendance. Will the SEP grace marks apply to that?

   See question 3. Usually, the answer is a no. SEP grace marks only apply to the Theory component. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q3-5"></cite>   
5. If I have back-papers am I eligible for this benefit?

   Yes. As long as you are a student of the University for that particular semester, you are eligible. [↵](#q-top)
<cite id="q3-6"></cite>   
6. Will this benefit apply to supplementary or improvement papers?

   Yes, once you receive this benefit, it will apply to any exams you might have in that particular semester, including improvements and supplementary exams. Obviously, this benefit wouldn't carry on to exams in other semesters. You need to apply individually for other semesters. [↵](#q-top)
