{% include "../_nav.md" %}

<cite id="q-top"></cite>

# Legal Agreement Questions
1. [If I sign the agreements & then quit the startup afterwards for some reason, will I have any liability?](#q4-1)
2. [Why do I have to commit to Tag along, Drag along & Anti-Dilution rights in the Legal Agreement with Partnership?](#q4-2)
3. [How do I notify you of any changes in my startup? Like I've pivoted, one of my co-founders have left, or I'm deciding to wind down my startup?](#q4-3)
4. [Why do you have a term of 5 years for the legal agreement? Isn't that excessively long?](#q4-4)
5. [If I get hired through SV.CO, for how long do I have to pay 10% of my annual salary?](#q4-5)
6. [Do all founders have to sign agreements?](#q4-6)
7. [Can you provide me a customized version of the agreement?](#q4-7)
8. [I don't understand these agreements. Can you provide legal help?](#q4-8)

<cite id="q4-1"></cite>   
1. If I sign the agreements & then quit the startup afterwards for some reason, will I have any liability?

   When you quit the startup, ask the remaining founders to [reconstitute the partnership](http://www.ncert.nic.in/ncerts/l/leac104.pdf) (PDF). After that, you will have no liability.
<cite id="q4-2"></cite>
2. Why do I have to commit to Tag along, Drag along & Anti-Dilution rights in the Legal Agreement with Partnership?

   Described in Section 4.1 of the [Legal Agreement with Partnership](http://www.slideshare.net/svlabs/physical-incubation-services-agreement-noncorporate), these clauses are intended to protect SV.CO's investment in your startup in the event that we choose to exercise our right to co-invest in your startup funding round.
   
   If we choose not to participate in the funding round, these clauses will not have any effect.
   
   It is our understanding that these clauses are a standard part of any shareholder's agreement your company will have with potential investors. We expect that you will sign similar agreements with all of your investors. See [this article](http://siliconhillslawyer.com/2014/07/01/startup-accelerators-legal-terms/) for an explanation of what these terms mean.
<cite id="q4-3"></cite>
3. How do I notify you of any changes in my startup? Like I've pivoted, one of my co-founders have left, or I'm deciding to wind down my startup?
 
   These responsibilities are described in clauses 4.11 through 4.15 of the [Legal Agreement with Partnership](http://www.slideshare.net/svlabs/physical-incubation-services-agreement-noncorporate). 
   
   Ideally, you will notify us through your [Verified Timeline](3-verified-timelines.md), which is intended for this purpose. If that is not possible for some reason, write to help@sv.co.
<cite id="q4-4"></cite>
4. Why do you have a term of 5 years for the legal agreement? Isn't that excessively long?

   From prior experience, it takes at least 5 years for a young founding team to achieve traction. We'd like to be invested in your success for the duration.
   
   Unlike other incubators or seed accelerators, we do not take equity up-front which results in a permanent commitment. Instead, we focus on adding value through a period of 5 years, & only accepting equity when you achieve a funding milestone.
<cite id="q4-5"></cite>
5. If I get hired through SV.CO, for how long do I have to pay 10% of my annual salary?

   This is described in Clause 2.1 of [Legal Agreement with Founders](http://www.slideshare.net/svlabs/service-agreement-with-promoters).
   
   For the first year only. We realize this is ambiguous in the current agreement & we commit to revising this clause in a future version.
<cite id="q4-6"></cite>
6. Do all founders have to sign agreements?

   Yes, all founders have to sign. And be present together at a Startup Village incubator location.
<cite id="q4-7"></cite>
7. Can you provide me a customized version of the agreement?

   No. We only have one standard agreement we sign with all startups.
<cite id="q4-8"></cite>
8. I don't understand these agreements. Can you provide legal help?

   Unfortunately, because of the volume of requests we receive, this is not possible. We advise you to not sign these agreements if you do not understand them. Please contact a lawyer (who has some experience with venture funding & startups) for help. 
   
   We also have a [presentation prepared by our lawyers at Ninan & Mathew](https://sv.co/resources/5) available that addresses more questions.
