{% include "../_nav.md" %}

<cite id="q-top"></cite>

# Marketing & Sales Questions

1. [What do you think of our idea?](#q5-1)
2. [How can we get customers?](#q5-2)
3. [Shall we start a social media campaign to aqquire customers?](#q5-3)
4. [Will SV.CO introduce us to Banks?](#q5-4)
5. [How do I price our product?](#q5-5)
6. [Can you suggest business models/monetization models?](#q5-6)
7. [How do we deal with competition?](#q5-7)
8. [How do I create a unique value proposition?](#q5-8)
9. [Can we go to customers if we have a mock prototype?](#q5-9)
10. [How many customers should have been consulted to know whether the idea works or not?](#q5-10)
11. [Which marketing Strategy should we choose?](#q5-11)
12. [What do we offer to the customers who agree to give feedback? Incentives? Privileges?](#q5-12)
13. [In prototyping stage, should we make the customers just aware about the product and get their opinions OR make them use our product?](#q5-13)

<cite id="q5-1"></cite>
1. What do you think of our idea?

   First: **It doesn’t matter what we think of your idea**. All that matters is what your customers think of your idea and prototype.
   
   We say this because nobody could have predicted the success of Twitter or Angry Birds, and we don't consider ourselves a judge of a great idea. Having said this, any SV.CO faculty will give you an honest opinion if you ask them during Office Hours.
<cite id="q5-2"></cite>
2. How can we get customers?

   This is where rubber hits the road for startups. Talking to "Real customers". Almost every startup has this question and  rightly so as this is the first time you are possibly thinking of getting a customer.
   
   This phase is an exciting phase for marketing folks as they have to actively search and find out solutions to this question themselves and thus jumpstart their learning. 
   
   This Playbook has [a good section on how Dropbox acquired customers](../stages/5.3-customer-validation.html#marketing-sales-role) without writing a single line of code and how "getting out of the building” is the only way to do this.
   
   This is also a major difference between regular college projects and SV.CO: there is no pressure to find a customers in a regular college project.
<cite id="q5-3"></cite>
3. Shall we start a social media campaign to aqquire customers?

   Use marketing strategies that are best for your startup, not what is fashionable right now. A good way to learn is to find out how other startups with similar products have acquired early customers.
<cite id="q5-4"></cite>
4. Will SV.CO introduce us to Banks & other partners?
   
   Yes, for FinTech founders, we will introduce you to our partner bank for this programme: Federal Bank. MobME has business relationships with a dozen banks including the largest private sector banks HDFC and ICICI as well a set of smaller banks. So once you are ready, we can bring in introductions at right time. 
   
   We will also have [expert faculty](https://sv.co/faculty) who are the next best thing to talking directly to a bank. We can't assure that they would take you product but we will provide a platform to get a good pitch in.
<cite id="q5-5"></cite>
5. How do I price our product?

   This is one of the most interesting things that you will continuously learn all through your life. Pricing strategy is tied into the overall business strategy. For example, Microsoft gave browser for free to capture the market and keep competition out as their business model was elsewhere. 
   
   The best model that we would suggest at this point is to have a freemium model where the product is free to try and then based on increased volume of usage, there would be a price to use it. There are many examples like Whatsapp where it's $1 per year, but first year is free.
<cite id="q5-6"></cite>
6. Can you suggest business models/monetization models?

   At the learning stage in SV.CO, the most important thing is to have a broad idea in mind how to make money and then get customers to love your product. If you create a product that customers love to use, and you figure out a method to have a growing base of customers, it is then possible to see if we can create a business model.
   
   Business models change over time. Do take a look at the [LinkedIn Series B Product Deck](http://reidhoffman.org/linkedin-pitch-to-greylock/). This is one of the best links ever on the internet to see how a real deck was presented to VC's.
<cite id="q5-7"></cite>
7. How do we deal with competition?

   By creating a [competitive advantage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Competitive_advantage). You need to also think deeply about what would be your value proposition. Some of these terms initially appear greek/latin but over time you will use them in daily language as a founder.
   
   If users see value in your product, there is always a method to capture a portion of that value into a business model. The first step is to get your value proposition clear.
   
   [This article](http://conversionxl.com/value-proposition-examples-how-to-create/) can also help.
<cite id="q5-8"></cite>
8. How do I create a unique value proposition?

   As a first time founder, figuring out a Unique Value Proposition is difficult but over time, this becomes very clear to you. To know what is unique, you first need to figure out what else is already available and then see how you can do things differently. 
   
   One big advantage that (almost) every startup has is speed of execution.
<cite id="q5-9"></cite>
9. Can we go talk to customers if we have a mock prototype?

   This depends on the skill of the sales person in the team. For first time entrepreneurs, having a prototype is very important as it also demonstrates your ability to engineer/build the product than just have an idea. Anyone can have ideas but very few teams can stay for the long terms and continuously execute and learn.
<cite id="q5-10"></cite>
10. How many customers should have been consulted to know whether the idea works or not?

   This varies based on your product. For a mobile app, it's much easier: just put it in the App Store and see if you have an increasing base of customers who are downloading your product or if a fixed base of customers is continuously using your product.
   
   For B2B (when your startup sells to another business) and B2C (selling directly to end user) products, this is different. Ideally you should get enough customer feedback to fine-tune the product UI/UX/Value proposition and form the basic idea of abusiness model. The business model validation happens in the Efficiency stage.
<cite id="q5-11"></cite>
11. Which Marketing Strategy should we choose? 

  The marketing strategy depends on which type of product you are building. If you are having a business to business product, there is no point using mass advertising. If you are a consumer product, having a viral feature would make a lot of sense as customers would forward it.
<cite id="q5-12"></cite>
12. What do we offer to the customers who agree to give feedback? Incentives? Privileges?

  Yes, finding a way to reward early customers is great but generally, you may not want to publicise this a lot as people might just join for the incentive and you may not get actual feedback. This could be done by giving external rewards (like cash) or by giving internal rewards (like pricing discount in your product).
<cite id="q5-13"></cite>
13. In prototyping stage, should we make the customers just aware about the product and get their opinions OR make them use our product?

  The earlier you can get customer feedback, the better. Show the prototype early to prospective customers and show them often.
