{% include "../_nav.md" %}


#Federal Bank Current Account


##What is a Current Account?
In banking terminology, the term Current Account refers to a type of deposit account made with a financial institution that permits the withdrawal of funds and allows checks to be written against the balance.

In the retail market, a Current Account is a relatively safe investment when opened with an insured and regulated financial institution like a bank, building society, savings and loan corporation, or credit union. Most current accounts do not pay interest on the funds deposited in them since they can be withdrawn at any time without advance notice or penalty.

##Why Your Startup Should Have One?

**1.	Merchant Account with a Payment Gateway**
A current account is one of the most basic requirements for signing up for a merchant account with a payment gateway.

**2.	Segregate business finance from personal finance:** 
By opening a separate current account in which business income and expenses are recorded helps in bringing about a distinction of what pertains to the business and what pertains to the personal finance of the Founder/Co-Founders. 

**3. Professionalism in business:** 
A current account in the name of the startup is an important factor in achieving professionalism while interacting with business acquaintances. A current account signifies the team’s seriousness in carrying out the business.

**4. Ability to prove credit worthiness: **
A current account with a reputed bank helps in easing processes like credit eligibility checks by banks. 

**5. Overdraft facility: **
An organization with a current account can easily avail overdraft facilities when needed, meaning, the account holder can overdraw the balance in his account on a temporary basis, to plug the shortfall in funds. 



##Eligibility

You are eligible to operate a Current Account if you fall under any of the following categories:
* 
Resident Individual
* 
Sole Proprietorship Firms
* 
Partnership Firms
* 
Private and Public Limited Companies


## Documents Checklist

***Important:*** The team should carry copies and originals of all the documents mentioned and also 3 passport size photographs each for every co founder.The team may directly approach any nearby Federal Bank branch and request the opening of a current account. 


To open a Zero Balance Current Account with Federal Bank, the startup should ensure the following documents are in order:

* 
Permanent Account Number (PAN) Card in the name of the startup. 
(The detailed process is explained [here](http://goo.gl/vUXLpx))
 
* 
KYC (Know Your Customer) documents of all authorized partners and beneficial owner including individual PAN card. 

 Note: KYC documents could be one of the following - Passport/Aadhar Card/Driving License/Voters Identity Card
 
* 
Copy of partnership deed signed by the co founders. 
 
* 
Partnership letter in the latest  [prescribed format - C231](https://goo.gl/SMBi6i)signed by all the partners in their individual capacity. 
 
* 
Telephone / utility bill/license in the name of firm.  If any of the documents is in the name of the partners, address in the document should match with that of the firm.   

## For Help

Contact your SV.CO representative or write to help@sv.co

