# Amazon Web Services Credits


 Through our association with Amazon, SV.CO is able to offer our incubated startups access to [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com/), a leading cloud computing platform.

The perks on offer to the startups are:

* **$1,000 in AWS Promotional Credit** valid for 1 year

*  2 months of AWS Business Support. Login and enroll here.
*  Access to the AWS Technical and Business Essentials web-based (or instructor-led) training ($600 value per course) 
* 80 credits for Self-Paced Labs ($80 value)
* Access to 1:1 Virtual Office Hours with AWS Solutions Architects
* Special offers from other companies that help startups, including Chef, Bitnami, SOASTA, Podio by Citrix, CopperEgg, and more
* AWS Activate Toolbox with offers for Amazon Payments and Amazon Marketplace

##Application Process

1. 
Apply with all details in the [AWS Application Page](https://aws.amazon.com/activate/portfolio-signup).
1. 
While completing the registration process use the institution code shared with the teams in the [Resources](https://sv.co/resources) page to avail the perks.
2. Be sure to provide your AWS Account ID when you apply. Promotional Credits will be added to the account number you submit with this application.
3. Please sign up using your company e-mail address. Personal email addresses complicate tracking and billing inquiries in the future.
1. Once you have completed the application process mail to help@sv.co with a screenshot of the completed application, the same day.

***Important Note:***
* All applications have to be routed through the SV.CO team.

* Only startups that have reached the protoyping stage are eligible for this perk. 

* Do not share the institution code shared by your SV.CO representative. 

* Each SV.CO startup is entitled to only 1 AWS Credit package during their lifetime in the incubator. This is to ensure that more startups are able to avail these offers during their initial years. Mature startups can afford to pay for these services.  

## For Help

Contact your SV.CO representative or write to help@sv.co


