# SV.CO Brand Usage


SV.CO is supportive of our startups promoting their presence with us. The primary purpose of this section is to give guidance as to how our startups can incorporate the official SV.CO branding when they create business cards, advertising material, websites, packaging or basically anything that visually represents the business in any way. 

The Official Startup Village logo can be accessed from [here](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9--SdQuJvHpfjJiam1nTnJCNnVIYkY2NVFXWTQwbXNpWUFoQU1oc1RZSHJraG4yb2Y1cDA&usp=sharing).

The color scheme of the official SV.CO logo can be accesed from [here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B_GOA_xDx9QhUVozWWE5VUtZS0k).

The SV.CO logo is more than just a visual symbol; it is a representation of the entrepreneurial revolution ignited by Startup Village in 2012 leading to the creation of thousands of first time entrepreneurs in the state. 

The logo showcases three different features of the Startup Village ecosystem. 

1. 
The*** “learn, execute, graduate”*** tagline represents the various stages an entrepreneur goes through at SV.CO. The online platform provides a safe environment for first time entrepreneurs to *fail forward*. 

 Columbus did, indeed, insist the world was round and then promptly missed America on his first attempt. And, of course, the Wright brothers claimed flying was possible and nearly killed themselves trying to make it happen. But they failed forward and became the fathers of aviation. Failing forward is about leveraging mistakes; making a realistic assessment of risks and using the experiences gained to come out with an innovative approach. 

2. 
***The Kid*** reaching up to the stars symbolizes our finesse in helping first time founders, a majority of whom are still in college, in having a fruitful entrepreneurial journey. Our mentors, faculty and the entire team are a select group of subject matters experts who ensure the best in experience to any newbie in the startup realm.

3. 
In our logo, ***“Startup Village”*** is written in a custom font developed to emphasize the open innovation ecosystem enabled by Startup Village, which has helped startups realize resounding success across domains and borders.

## Guidelines

A startup may use Official Startup Village branding through the logo shared in this document, subject to the following conditions:

* 
The startup may feature Startup Village as a **“Partner”** and use its logo in the section listing its partners in any location visually representing the company.

* 
The startups that have not graduated could also use the Startup Village branding under the **“Supported By”** field if it suits their purpose. 

* 
Only the logos that have been explicitly shared in the link above are to be used and the Startup Village logo should be at the least secondary to the company logo in size wherever it is used.

* 
For dark backgrounds it is preferred the file marked **"Black"** is used to represent association with SV.CO.

1. 
For lighter backgrounds it is advised to use the file marked **“logo”** in the shared folder.

* 
If there is a space constraint the startup may also use our icon (Kid reaching to the stars) to represent our association. The file named **“mark”** from the shared folder can be used for this purpose.

* 
Startups that have discontinued or have dropped out of the program cannot use the Startup Village logo in their branding paraphernalia. 


* 
SV.CO reserves the right to demand any startup being supported by us to change / modify / remove any branding associated with Startup Village at any time during the course of the association.











