{% include "../_nav.md" %}

# The Deck

During the [application](../1.1-application.md), the Deck is the most important item SV.CO reviews. The most frequently asked question that we receive is "How do we make a good deck?" 

As is true for everything in this Playbook, this is not a guide to make a perfect deck. Think of this instead as **pointers to getting started**. Most of this content is adapted from [Sequoia's guidelines](https://www.sequoiacap.com/grove/posts/6bzx/writing-a-business-plan) but written in a friendlier style, with more explanation, tailored to the [fundamental startup stages](../5-startup-stages.md) that SV.CO uses as building blocks.

## A Living Document

One of the most important aspects to understand about the Deck is that it's a [living document](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Living_document). You shouldn't create a deck just for submission to SV.CO and then forget about it.

As your understanding of the business grows, your deck should grow with it. As an example, when you evolve your deck at first, your one-liner description of your company might be too verbose and crude. As you spend more time thinking about it, a perfect way to describe your company might come to you. Add that in, and your deck (and your product) is better for it!

## Quick Start

A good deck should have at least 10 parts:

1.  Name & Purpose 

    "What will your product do?" in one easy to understand sentence.
2.  Problem

    A well defined and easy to understand problem statement.
3.  Solution

    A brief description of your solution.
4.  Why now 

    Is there any particular reason why now is a good time to build your product?
5.  Market size

    The potential addressable market size.
6.  Competition 

    Competitors, and their strengths and weaknesses.
7.  Product

    Functionality of the product described with mockups or screenshots of prototype.
8.  Business model

    How will this product make money?
9.  Team

    Strengths of your team. Past achievements. Why is this team best suited to build this product?
10. Financials

    Your estimated expenses for building this product. When will you start making money?

You should try to fit these within 10 slides.

Pro Tips: 
* As much as possible, attribute internet sources for the important data that is in your deck by giving full url link that leads directly to the information quoted. 

* For individual photos in team page, use images where people can easily identify your face when they see you in real life as against your most fashionable photo.


## Example: The AirBnB Pitch Deck

The early AirBnB Pitch Deck is widely quoted as one of the best decks ever made:

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/4dpBt4w6J5whJZ" width="425" height="355" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" style="border:1px solid #CCC; border-width:1px; margin-bottom:5px; max-width: 100%;" allowfullscreen> </iframe><br />


Strengths of this deck:

* Slide 1: Note how the first slide one-liner clearly (and very simply) addresses what AirBnB does.
* Slide 2: The Problem slide describes three problems AirBnB is tackling in a very simple fashion.
* Slide 3: The solution is also presented in plain language.
* Slide 4: note how competition is presented cleverly as Market Validation.
* Slide 5: note how Market size is presented in terms of available worldwide, available within service markets (addressable), and finally the market share AirBnB is hoping to achieve.
* Slide 6: Product is presented visually via screenshots.
* Slide 7: Business model is presented visually and simply.
* Slide 9: Note how competitors are presented in a grid, with no one addressing the sweet spot.

## Learn by Doing
Now it's your turn. Go forth and create your own!
